			    Using this CD

Welcome to the Computer Organization and Design, 4th Edition Companion
CD. This page contains some information to help you get started using
the CD.

    * What you will find on the CD
    * System requirements
    * Locating content
    * Page and figure numbering
    * Copying the CD content onto your hard drive
    * Acknowledgments

----------------------------------------------------------------

What you will find on the CD

    * Historical Perspectives and Further Reading: For each chapter in
      the text, a section devoted to a historical perspective,
      together with references.

    * Advanced Content: Full length sections that are introduced in
      the book.

    * CD Appendixes: Appendixes C, D, and E.

    * Glossary: Terms that are defined in the text are collected in
      this searchable reference.

    * Index: Covering the book and CD contents.

    * Further Reading: References, organized by the chapter they
      support.

    * Tutorials: SPIM, Verilog, and VHDL.

    * Software: MIPS simulators and FPGA design tools.

    * Search page: A search engine for the CD content and the printed
      book.

----------------------------------------------------------------

System requirements

Operating system

The content on this CD can be used under any operating system that
includes an HTML browser and a PDF viewer. This includes Windows 98 or
later, Mac OS 9 and OS X, and most Linux and Unix systems.  HTML
browser

The navigation framework and some of the content on this CD is
delivered in HTML and JavaScript. It is recommended that you install
the latest version of your favorite HTML browser to view this CD. The
content has been verified on the following platforms:

    * Windows XP and Windows Vista with Internet Explorer 6+ and Firefox 2+
    * Mac OS X with Safari and Firefox
    * Mandriva Linux with Firefox and Konqueror
    * (K)Ubuntu Linux with Firefox and Konqueror

PDF viewer

The CD material includes PDF documents that you can read with a PDF
viewer such as Adobe® Acrobat® or Adobe Reader®. Visit the Adobe home
page for more information.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Locating content

The navigation sidebar contains buttons to access the content of this
CD according to category. The Search page provides a search engine for
locating content containing keywords. Click on the Search sidebar
button to go to the search page.

Since the content of this CD is delivered primarily in Adobe PDF
(Portable Document Format), you can search within individual documents
using the search features of your PDF viewer. For more information on
searching within a PDF file, see the help menu within your PDF viewer.

The CD also includes an index for the content of the book and the CD
content. Index entries refer to content by page number.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Page and figure numbering

The material in the printed book and on this CD uses a numbering
scheme designed to allow you identify where to locate the material.

Pages in the book are numbered sequentially (1, 2, 3, ...). Pages in
sections on the CD are numbered according to their section. For
example, in Section 2.15 on the CD, the pages are numbered 2.15-1,
2.15-2, and so on. So if you see a simple page number, you know to
look for the page in the book. If you see a page number of the form
x.y-z, you know to look in Section x.y on the CD for page z.

Figures are also numbered differently in the book and on the CD. In
the book, figures are numbered with the chapter number and a
sequential figure number. For example, in Chapter 1, figures are
numbered 1.1, 1.2, and so on. On the CD, figures are numbered with the
section number and a sequential figure number within that section. For
example, in Section 2.15 on the CD, figures are numbered 2.15.1,
2.15.2, and so on. So if you see a figure number of the form x.y, you
know to look in Chapter x in the book for the y'th figure. If you see
a figure number of the form x.y.z, you know to look in Section x.y on
the CD for the z'th figure.

Finally, pages in the Glossary are numbered G-1, G-2, ..., and pages
in the Further Reading section are number FR-1, FR-2, ...

----------------------------------------------------------------

Copying the CD content onto your hard drive

You can copy the content of the CD to your computer's hard drive to
make accessing the content faster and to avoid tying up your CD drive.

On Windows systems, double-click on the My Computer icon on the
desktop. Then right-click on the icon for the CD drive (usually D:)
and select Open from the popup menu. Select all of the items on the
CD, then select the Edit->Copy menu command. Now click the Back button
and navigate to the folder on your hard drive where you want to place
the content. Select the Edit->Paste menu command. When the content has
been copied, you can double-click on the index.html file in the folder
on your hard drive to access the content.

On Mac systems, use the finder to open the folder on your hard drive
where you want to place the content. Then double-click on the COD4E
icon representing the CD on the desktop. Select all of the items on
the CD and drag them into the folder on your hard drive. When the
content has been copied, you can double-click on the index.html file
in the folder on your hard drive to access the content.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Acknowledgments

This CD was developed by Ashenden Designs: Peter Ashenden (CD Editor)
and DreamLabs Pty Ltd: Melchior Mazzone (Web Developer).

"Adobe", "Acrobat", and "Reader" are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or
other countries.

Copyright © 2012 Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
